add display to the docs (#403)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: src/pages/layout/css-utilities.md

| `float-lg-{modifier}`  | Applies the modifier to the element when `min-width: 992px`.        |
| `float-xl-{modifier}`  | Applies the modifier to the element when `min-width: 1200px`.       |

## Element Visibility

> The display CSS property determines if an element should be visible or not. The element will still be in the DOM, but not rendered, if it is hidden.

Reviewer: I'd argue that it's out of scope for us to document this because it is a native global HTML attribute.

Author: I was mostly trying to follow the convention set up in the docs, but I have no qualms about changing it!

```html
<ion-grid>
  <ion-row>
    <ion-col class="ion-hide">
      <div>
        <h3>hidden</h3>
        You can't see me.
      </div>
    </ion-col>
    <ion-col>
      <div>
        <h3>not-hidden</h3>
        You can see me!
      </div>
    </ion-col>
  </ion-row>
</ion-grid>
```

| Class         | Style Rule                      | Description                                                                                               |
|---------------|---------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `.ion-hide`   | `display: hidden`               | The element will be hidden. 

Reviewer 2: This should be `display: none` 🙂

### Responsive Visibility Attributes

> There are also additional attributes to modify the visibility based on the screen size. Instead of just `hidden` as a sole attribute, use `hidden-{breakpoint}-{dir}` to only use the attribute on specific screen sizes, where `{breakpoint}` is one of the defined breakpoints in the `--screen-breakpoints` variable, and `{dir}` is whether the element should be hidden on all screen sizes above or below the current one.

Reviewer: I can't seem to find any reference to these classes in the Ionic styles. If we had them at some point, we don't seem to have them anymore. @brandyscarney, know anything about these?

Reviewer 2: It depends on the linked PR being merged: ionic-team/ionic#17359

I asked him to add them in Ionic & document them here. 🙂

Author: Yeah, the linked PR would have the actual meat, and I updated the docs in tandem and submitted the PR for them both around the same time.

> There are also additional classes to modify the visibility based on the screen size. Instead of just `.ion-hide` as a sole class, use `.ion-hide-{breakpoint}-{dir}` to only use the attribute on specific screen sizes, where `{breakpoint}` is one of the defined breakpoints in the `--screen-breakpoints` variable, and `{dir}` is whether the element should be hidden on all screen sizes above (`up`) or below (`down`) the current one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are also additional classes to modify the visibility based on the screen size. Instead of just `.ion-hide` for all screen sizes, use `.ion-hide-{breakpoint}-{dir}` to only use the class on specific screen sizes, where `{breakpoint}` is one of the breakpoint names listed in [Ionic Breakpoints](#ionic-breakpoints), and `{dir}` is whether the element should be hidden on all screen sizes above (`up`) or below (`down`) the specified breakpoint.
```

This one is going to look like it's linking to nothing but it's dependent on this PR: https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic-docs/pull/482/files

Author: Got it! Thank you.

> The table below shows the default behavior, where `{dir}` is any of the following: `up` or `down`, as they are described above.

Reviewer 2: I don't think `up` or `down` are described above. Maybe it should be `below`?

Author: They kindof are, but it might be poorly written. - ...and `{dir}` is whether the element should be hidden on all screen sizes above or below the current one. 

I'll reword this a bit.

Reviewer 2: Ahhh yeah you are correct. I was thinking in the other ones I had sections that were above it, I'll add a suggestion.

> The table below shows the default behavior, where `{dir}` is any of the following: `up` or `down`, as they are described above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```

Author: Cool! Apparently github offers the ability to just commit suggestions. Definitely, I think that phrasing is redundant with the paragraph above it after looking further at it.

| Class                  | Description                                                                                                    |
|------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `.ion-hide-sm-{dir}`   | Applies the modifier to the element when `min-width: 576px` (`up`) or `max-width: 576px` (`down`).            |

Reviewer 2: Should `up` be included in these?

Author: I'm not sure what you mean here, it does specify `up` and `down` both, unless I'm missing something?

Reviewer 2: oh I'm sorry! It must've wrapped weird when I looked at it I only saw `down`. 😆

Reviewer 2: Actually I just can't read apparently. I'll resolve this.
